python: add wrapper code for ITT-NERSC implementation to ensure compatibility (#153)
intel/ittapi: python/ittapi/compat/README.md

# ittapi.compat

The module is a wrapper to an earlier implementation of ITT API: (https://github.com/oleksandr-pavlyk/itt-python/tree/master). The idea is to allow users to effortlessly migrate to the `ittapi` package without losing any existing functionality. The module is a wrapper to following ITT APIs:

       - Collection Control API
       - Domain API
       - Task API
       - Process Trace Region API

## Usage

### ittapi.compat module

#### Collection Control API
 
The `pause` and `resume` enables to focus the collection on a specific section of code while profiling, and start the application run with collection paused. 

The `detach` detaches the data collection. Application continues to work but no data is collected while profiling. 

>        import ittapi.compat as itt

Reviewer: Let's use python code styled text for such instructions. I mean triple backticks - ```python

Author: I have changed the code to python code styled text. Please have a look.

# ittapi.compat

> 
> The module is a wrapper to an earlier version of Python bindings: ([itt-python](https://github.com/oleksandr-pavlyk/itt-python/)). The idea is to allow users to effortlessly migrate to the `ittapi` package without losing any existing functionality. The module is a wrapper to following ITT APIs:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

The module provides API of an earlier version of Python bindings: ([itt-python](https://github.com/oleksandr-pavlyk/itt-python/)). The idea is to allow users to effortlessly migrate to the `ittapi` package without losing any existing functionality. The module exposes the following ITT APIs:
```

Author: I have changed the wording as suggested. Please have a look.
